README.md, before:

# Pavlo Ivanichenko

---

> #### Software Engineer
> #####  Krakow, Poland
> [Pavlo Ivanichenko][facebook] ![fcbook][]

---
> Strong technical skill-set, attention to detail​​, highly motivated IT Professional with over 5 years of experience in software development following the best practices for development cycle and code design. I have both technical and interpersonal skills and am looking for a challenging role that utilises my previous skills and experiences.


---
## Experience
#### EPAM Systems &emsp; <small>*2014 - current*</small>
`JavaScript`, `ES6`, `AngularJS`, `ReactJS`, `Node.js`, `MongoDB`, `MySQL`
> Working as regular software developer. Bug fixing, creating new features. Participate in mentoring program as a mentor for junior software developer who want learn front-end.

---
#### Turumburum &emsp; <small>*2013 - 2014*</small>
`PHP`, `JavaScript`, `AngularJS`, `Backbone.js`, `Marionette.js`, `jQuery`, `MySQL`
> Work as tech lead. Work in ecommerce sector. Make shops for different clients on the Yii framework. Have two guys under me. One PHP software developer, another one markup developer.

---
#### Valant &emsp; <small>*2010 - 2013*</small>
`PHP`, `JavaScript`, `jQuery`, `MySQL`
> Work as regular software developer. Bug fixing, creating new features, develop DB schemas.

> Projects:
- Blog.imageprocessor *July 2013 to August 2013*
- 230Reservation *April 2013 to July 2013*
- ForwardMetrics *December 2012 to October 2013*
- [Ledified](//www.ledified.com.au/) *October 2012 to December 2012*
- The Iroko Tree *May 2012 to June 2012*
- Managetables *April 2012 to August 2012*
- [RoboSite](//robosite.com/) *January 2012 to September 2013*
- [ADECHO](//adecho.com) *August 2011 to January 2012*
- Schedule Management System *June 2011 to August 2011*
- [Tilted Pixel](//www.tiltedpixel.com/) *June 2011 to August 2011*
- [Novozymes](//www.novozymes.com/) *April 2011 to May 2011*
- [Rentvalet.us](//rentvalet.us) *October 2010 to March 2011*

---
#### AppDraggon &emsp; <small>*2010 - 2010*</small>
`PHP`, `JavaScript`, `jQuery`, `MySQL`
> Work as regular junior software developer. Bug fixing, creating new features, develop DB schemas.

---
## Education
#### Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics &emsp; <small>*2010 - 2015*</small>
`C`, `C++`, `Java`, `PHP`, `JavaScript`

---
## Code samples
[AngularJS](http://pashaproton.github.io/example-angular-js/)

---
[facebook]: http://www.facebook.com/pasha.proton
[fcbook]: http://www.jacobsen.com/themes/jacobsen/images/icons/facebook-icon-small.png
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/pashaproton
[twit]: http://cdn-careers.sstatic.net/careers/Img/icon-twitter.png?v=b1bd58ad2034

Commit message:

Add projects to Turumburum section

README.md, after:

# Pavlo Ivanichenko

---

> #### Software Engineer
> #####  Krakow, Poland
> [Pavlo Ivanichenko][facebook] ![fcbook][]

---
> Strong technical skill-set, attention to detail​​, highly motivated IT Professional with over 5 years of experience in software development following the best practices for development cycle and code design. I have both technical and interpersonal skills and am looking for a challenging role that utilises my previous skills and experiences.


---
## Experience
#### EPAM Systems &emsp; <small>*2014 - current*</small>
`JavaScript`, `ES6`, `AngularJS`, `ReactJS`, `Node.js`, `MongoDB`, `MySQL`
> Working as regular software developer. Bug fixing, creating new features. Participate in mentoring program as a mentor for junior software developer who want learn front-end.

---
#### Turumburum &emsp; <small>*2013 - 2014*</small>
`PHP`, `JavaScript`, `AngularJS`, `Backbone.js`, `Marionette.js`, `jQuery`, `MySQL`
> Work as tech lead. Work in ecommerce sector. Make shops for different clients on the Yii framework. Have two guys under me. One PHP software developer, another one markup developer.

> Projects:
- [Pumpanda](//pumpanda.com/) *3 January 2014 to 31 August 2014*
- Epicsell *22 October 2013 to 31 August 2014*

---
#### Valant &emsp; <small>*2010 - 2013*</small>
`PHP`, `JavaScript`, `jQuery`, `MySQL`
> Work as regular software developer. Bug fixing, creating new features, develop DB schemas.

> Projects:
- Blog.imageprocessor *July 2013 to August 2013*
- 230Reservation *April 2013 to July 2013*
- ForwardMetrics *December 2012 to October 2013*
- [Ledified](//www.ledified.com.au/) *October 2012 to December 2012*
- The Iroko Tree *May 2012 to June 2012*
- Managetables *April 2012 to August 2012*
- [RoboSite](//robosite.com/) *January 2012 to September 2013*
- [ADECHO](//adecho.com) *August 2011 to January 2012*
- Schedule Management System *June 2011 to August 2011*
- [Tilted Pixel](//www.tiltedpixel.com/) *June 2011 to August 2011*
- [Novozymes](//www.novozymes.com/) *April 2011 to May 2011*
- [Rentvalet.us](//rentvalet.us) *October 2010 to March 2011*

---
#### AppDraggon &emsp; <small>*2010 - 2010*</small>
`PHP`, `JavaScript`, `jQuery`, `MySQL`
> Work as regular junior software developer. Bug fixing, creating new features, develop DB schemas.

---
## Education
#### Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics &emsp; <small>*2010 - 2015*</small>
`C`, `C++`, `Java`, `PHP`, `JavaScript`

---
## Code samples
[AngularJS](http://pashaproton.github.io/example-angular-js/)

---
[facebook]: http://www.facebook.com/pasha.proton
[fcbook]: http://www.jacobsen.com/themes/jacobsen/images/icons/facebook-icon-small.png
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/pashaproton
[twit]: http://cdn-careers.sstatic.net/careers/Img/icon-twitter.png?v=b1bd58ad2034
